the easiest SEO strategy I've ever used
people assume that SEO is all work and
no play and yeah there is a ton of work
that goes into it anything that requires
you to follow through on a long-term
strategy is going to require some
serious ongoing effort but that doesn't
mean that you can't find ways to make
your SEO easier in fact I have one SEO
strategy that's super simple I rely on
it all the time and it knocks out a ton
of the dirty work for me now I may have
been doing SEO for a super long time but
I even run into walls sometimes and I
need help getting unstuck and for me I
have a lot of responsibilities so I
really need to find ways to delegate
simplify and streamline my Approach so
can you guess what my easy SEO hack is
leave a comment below and see if you can
guess
I leverage AI pretty straightforward
right I need help from my SEO from
finding keywords to content ideas to
meta Tags I'm always looking for new
approaches that can make my life easier
and more simple AI is rapidly becoming
one of the most adopted new technologies
that businesses of all sizes can
leverage according to Gartner as of 2021
86 percent of CEOs report that AI is
considered mainstream technology in
their offices 91.5 of leading businesses
continually invest in AI customer
satisfaction is expected to grow by 25
in the next year for organizations that
use ai seocentric ai is truly necessary
because it connects the dots for
everything that I need to bring my SEO
strategy together so that way it all
flows and it's cohesive that helps me
analyze the relationship between my
website the content and ranking and it
helps them pivot quickly so I can
continue to outrank my competition it
also helps me identify opportunities
including Cutting Edge topics in my
industry that need addressing and that
my audience wants to explore also helps
me optimize for conversions including
insights for how each page can
accomplish a specific goal such as a
conversion to a sale or sign up for
subscribe or redirect them to somewhere
else or refreshing outdated scale
content to get the Boost ID in fact
according to outranking 30 percent of AI
adopters cited a six to ten percent
increase in Revenue after implementing
the new technology now that's a major
growth the machine learning tool that
uses AI it's called gpt3 and you've
heard about it it's been available now
publicly through open Ai and it's great
and you should check it out so far in
2022 it's sweeping the SEO Marketplace
and tons of major software Engineers are
taking up tools like search Atlas
copysmith Jasper copy.ai and many more
are using it to fit in their
applications and make content marketing
easier which makes it easier for you to
create SEO content at scale now in its
most basic level it's a text generator
right you should check out gpt3 that
helps you generate content anything you
want and it can identify language
patterns that fits but because it can
create content with relatively few
inputs it's also extremely helpful to
SEO users that need a ton of content
fast tools that incorporate gpt3 into
their software can now do things like
generate topics for you titles meta tags
even create a whole article or just do
blog outlines and then let you pick what
content you wanted to create for each
and every single paragraph and if you
don't like one you can click don't like
and then it splits up a new variation
now that doesn't mean that you should
just get rid of every single human on
your content marketing team these tools
just make their lives easier so they can
be more productive crank out more
content which gets you more SEO traffic
but the platform does provide some major
inspiration which could be helpful if
you're in a creative content rut and you
need some ideas I like relying on AI for
title and topic generation meta tag
generation and even the occasional
outline if I really want to get going
the best part it's all automated a saves
you so much time and what I found that
if you're new to blogging it can save
you roughly half the time or it can save
you your whole time if you really want
to write articles that are super
creative and best for users you're going
to have to modify that article or you
know write a lot of it from scratch and
that's what I like doing to streamline
my SEO but here's the thing you want
another simple way to streamline and
automate your SEO earlier this year my
company acquired to answer the public
it's an awesome tool that helps you get
insights raw search insights directly
from the minds of your customers they're
roughly 8.5 billion Google searches a
day and according to urberlow around 20
of them have never been seen before
answer the public allows you to tap
directly into your audience and go for
those terms that aren't that competitive
that a lot of people are searching for
today NASA public listens and Taps into
the autocomplete Data before cranking
out super useful phrases and questions
that your audience is searching for
every single day it's one of the easiest
ways to identify what your audience
wants and then you can use some of those
AI tools to help you create content
around those topics and according to a
formal Google data scientists Seth
Stevens deviewicz he said Google
searches are the most important data set
ever collected on the human psyche so if
you want to create better content using
these AI tools check out answer the
public to get you new insights and if
you just want my team to do all this for
you check out NP digital or you can even
check out the Uber says AI writer that
can write content for you and it's free
and if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer it if
you enjoyed the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you very
much